README.md, before:

#Setup

Run envconf.sh:

    ./envconf.sh

Install the dependencies and start the server:

    npm install
    npm start

The server can be stopped with the command

    npm stop


#Structure

##index.js

index.js contains all of the initialization logic - initializing the logger, HTTP server, SocketIO servers, etc. Actual SocketIO code does not go here.

##app/client_handler.js

Contains all the code for handling SocketIO messages.

##app/rtc_handler.js

Contains all the code for handling SocketIO messages for the RTC signalling.

##app/whiteboards.js and app/clients.js

Modules for managing client and whiteboard interaction. If you want to use them in a module that doesn't already have access, something like

	var clients = require('./app/clients.js');
	
will give you the 'clients' object so you can do things like clients.add(client_socket) 

#Debugging

##Logs

Logs can be viewed in real time at http://localhost:3000/log.html (or on [lempo](https://lempo.d.umn.edu:4995/log.html))

##iocat

Using npm download: iocat

    npm install -g iocat

Iocat can be used to send messages to our nodejs server, which makes testing our methods easier.

You would start your nodejs server and then in another terminal type: iocat [options] URL
If you want to test a specific clause such as the on("joinWhiteBoard"...) method you would use the -e option (-e, --emit-key <key>     Emit-key, default is "message")

For example:

	iocat --socketio -e joinWhiteboard 127.0.0.1:3000

To send messages that can be parsed correctly you must send it in a JSON format, like so:
	
	{"name" : "UMD 4995's Whiteboard"}

Commit message:

Added mongo.js module section to README

README.md, after:

#Setup

Run envconf.sh:

    ./envconf.sh

Install the dependencies and start the server:

    npm install
    npm start

The server can be stopped with the command

    npm stop


#Structure

##index.js

index.js contains all of the initialization logic - initializing the logger, HTTP server, SocketIO servers, etc. Actual SocketIO code does not go here.

##app/client_handler.js

Contains all the code for handling SocketIO messages.

##app/rtc_handler.js

Contains all the code for handling SocketIO messages for the RTC signalling.

##app/whiteboards.js and app/clients.js

Modules for managing client and whiteboard interaction. If you want to use them in a module that doesn't already have access, something like

	var clients = require('./app/clients.js');
	
will give you the 'clients' object so you can do things like clients.add(client_socket)

 ##app/mongo.js

 Modules for server and database interaction. This module uses the mongojs package for ease.

 To have the mongo database work, you just need to have mongo db install and if need be, install mongojs manually 'npm install mongojs'.

#Debugging

##Logs

Logs can be viewed in real time at http://localhost:3000/log.html (or on [lempo](https://lempo.d.umn.edu:4995/log.html))

##iocat

Using npm download: iocat

    npm install -g iocat

Iocat can be used to send messages to our nodejs server, which makes testing our methods easier.

You would start your nodejs server and then in another terminal type: iocat [options] URL
If you want to test a specific clause such as the on("joinWhiteBoard"...) method you would use the -e option (-e, --emit-key <key>     Emit-key, default is "message")

For example:

	iocat --socketio -e joinWhiteboard 127.0.0.1:3000

To send messages that can be parsed correctly you must send it in a JSON format, like so:
	
	{"name" : "UMD 4995's Whiteboard"}
